Erika Sporleder: So your mid 20s and and they, I didn't have slacked off for a little bit and then I got married in
Erika Sporleder: Oh, nine, and I was using a little then and then after I got pregnant and had a baby in 2010 and after that I got bad because I was, I had a postpartum depression. And so it was really bad.
Erika Sporleder: And my husband was working a lot and I was just born with the baby. I started stressing and so it got more heavily in there.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: And then within the past like the few years I've been playing well I've used a little bit within the past six months, but maybe once, twice, okay.
Erika Sporleder: I'm trying to just
Serenna Beers: Well, that's the best that we
Serenna Beers: Can can do right as long as you just keep on trying keep on trying. And
Serenna Beers: Trying okay so I did something very silly. I didn't hit the record button, so I'm not going to make you talk. I'm just going to recap, the first couple of questions. And then, correct me if I have it right
Serenna Beers: Okay. When I asked you what brings you here. You had said that you had been seeing a psych psych psychiatrists out of
Serenna Beers: Stock Stockton.
Erika Sporleder: Yes, and
Serenna Beers: And that you had been on meds and that you wanted to get regulated right
Serenna Beers: Yes. So you wanted to seek help.
Serenna Beers: So that you could continue on those meds.
Erika Sporleder: Was basically changing the insurance, where it was I, you know, I wanted to make sure that was still covered and had with their medication with somebody you know that at a level that I you know I need
Serenna Beers: Okay, perfect. And then you had said that you were first exposed when you were about 16 right
Serenna Beers: You started doing math right okay and then you also just kind of you started out a little bit here and there and parties and then it progress.
Serenna Beers: And then when when when I asked you, when was it the worst for you. Was it like a year ago was it six months ago was it two years ago.
Erika Sporleder: It was, um, is it like in the beginning I was, I was just starting. And then what I started to spoke it was when I got bad
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Erika Sporleder: And that would be like like five years ago. Okay.
Erika Sporleder: I mean, but it wasn't like an everyday thing, but it's just I was drinking heavily too. So it got real by in the head really messed up along with the site. Yes, we see is like headers and I'll give
Erika Sporleder: You know everything I had their neighbors and their niche and it wasn't good. And I was hallucinating and I lost custody of my son.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Wow, I'm sorry to hear that.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, yeah, I might see him every day, but it's us. I have no custody, it's, I mean, I don't. Unfortunately, my. So then, let me see.
Erika Sporleder: Okay. I mean, there's no, like I had before, because I have been on my medication and talking to people and and my son is my main. The reason I live.
Serenna Beers: I'm really glad that you're here.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about chronic pain. Do you have any of that.
Erika Sporleder: Yes. Well, I was last August. I was admitted to the hospital and I was diagnosed with
Erika Sporleder: Peripheral
Erika Sporleder: Quality were filled in neurology.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, what the brain is telling everything else to do, like metal. So, my legs are constant being cramping and pins and needles. I was on a walker FOR THREE MONTHS AND FINALLY, Walking. Oh.
Serenna Beers: Good, good.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, hospital for three months.
Serenna Beers: Um, do you know what the precipitating event was what the event was that led you to that.
Erika Sporleder: I do not, it's a it's funny that you say that because I know I know my dad's been in August seven,
Erika Sporleder: Last year,
Erika Sporleder: He said he hadn't heard from me a few days he just lives a mile away and he said he was worried about me. So he came into my condo.
Erika Sporleder: And I was on the on the carpet floor, but they get in fetal position just like usually get on my mouth and Robert hard time breathing. So she called 911 and now there's a be admitted for three months. So, okay.
Serenna Beers: Wow. So in that three months was that when they did all their tech testing and they have figured out that it was what was the name of that, again, it's
Erika Sporleder: A reputable reputable neurology.
Serenna Beers: Okay, it's
Erika Sporleder: More than one man nerves got damaged Fuji.
Serenna Beers: Okay, but
Erika Sporleder: Four of them or something like that. Okay.
Erika Sporleder: It really affected me. Yeah.
Um,
Serenna Beers: It's
Erika Sporleder: Divorce divorce is taking a toll on me, too.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: So tell me about because I'm going to ask you about that.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about any tree any treatment for mental health have
Serenna Beers: sought help for mental health or
Erika Sporleder: Oh, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Abuse or is this your first time doing doing any therapy.
Erika Sporleder: Years and years ago, I think in my teens. I was diagnosed with slight depression. And that was just within the past few years is when it got it escalated to a bipolar psychosis anxiety and depression.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And that was just a few
Erika Sporleder: Years ago you said, well then been in the past five years. I see a lot of had to do with, you know, childbirth and then divorce and just everything piled
Erika Sporleder: Okay, and not working. And there's a ton of things.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and what about this.
Serenna Beers: History of going to substance, substance abuse, whether it was in patient out our patient. Was this your first
Erika Sporleder: Oh, you mean I went to rehab and I left.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: And which we have twice and I left both times.
Serenna Beers: Do you remember where
Erika Sporleder: In Swami, California. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you
Serenna Beers: Do you remember well name of it was
Serenna Beers: Maynard's
Erika Sporleder: Okay. Nerds. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And, and did you stay for a couple weeks for a mom for
Erika Sporleder: The first time it was like two days.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, next time was like two weeks.
Okay.
Erika Sporleder: Too much and it was that upon your learning all these new tasks and ways to cope with this hard
Erika Sporleder: Sure yeah I did go to a MMA for a while. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Are you still attending those now.
Serenna Beers: Means now. No.
Erika Sporleder: I haven't
Serenna Beers: What about history of suicidal ideation or homicidal ideation or self harm. Have you ever experienced that.
Erika Sporleder: Yes, I actually
Serenna Beers: Share with
Serenna Beers: Me about how
Erika Sporleder: Right.
Serenna Beers: As okay
Erika Sporleder: Like last week I just took a bunch of pills last week.
Serenna Beers: Did you end up in hospital for
Erika Sporleder: I just slept for three days. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: It's all right for you to cry. I'm a fair. I'm a therapist. So you can. That's who you would cry with right okay and there's no judgment here. Okay, I just
Serenna Beers: Say that, okay.
Erika Sporleder: And I tempted like like 20 years ago and slicing my wrists isn't a few times. Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: What about homicidal ideation. Have you ever had been
Serenna Beers: Wanting to harm others.
Erika Sporleder: No, I mean, of course, I may have met my ex husband, like I think to myself, I don't really say to anybody, or even to myself. I think it. I just wish you were dead. You know what I mean.
Serenna Beers: Sure.
Erika Sporleder: Because he's hurt me. And I just wish it was gone.
Serenna Beers: I under, I understand that as well.
Serenna Beers: It's hard stuff right
Serenna Beers: And with substance use, you know, it's never about the what it's not what we put in our bodies to cope. It's why we put it there.
Serenna Beers: To get he going with and that's what you're you are here for right is to find out why do I keep doing this right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so you're on the right path with with that. Tell me about growing up. What was your family, like, Where were you adopted were, were you raised with mom and dad was stepdad dia brothers, sisters, or your mom and dad still together.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, and I'm an only child.
Erika Sporleder: I am I have any
Erika Sporleder: Me. She's 16 um I don't know my biological father, my father you I call data, he adopted being when I was an infant.
Erika Sporleder: And then my parents got divorced when I was 10 and I had a stepfather and
Erika Sporleder: She had boyfriend. My dad's never dated or anything since my mom.
Erika Sporleder: And knows my siblings has been me.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And let's see, did you answer me, if your parents are still to
Erika Sporleder: Gather. No, no, my mom's been remarried.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, been divorced. So she's, she's like on her fourth boyfriend. Now, I don't know, but she's very happy.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Does your mom or dad have any history with mental health at all or
Serenna Beers: Cars my shoes.
Erika Sporleder: I don't know. I don't know why biological father, so I don't know.
Erika Sporleder: My mom. No.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about any, any other type of
Serenna Beers: Addictive be behaviors like gambling sex.
Erika Sporleder: Or meat.
Serenna Beers: Eating a
Serenna Beers: Family for both
Erika Sporleder: For me, I'm gambling has been a problem.
Erika Sporleder: When I was younger, I'm eating. I never did not believe it but anorexia.
Serenna Beers: Okay, where you just wouldn't
Erika Sporleder: It just wouldn't eat. Yeah. So I was like, had you okay
Serenna Beers: Have you found that when you try to stop substances that that kind of flares up at all.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay.
Erika Sporleder: Like the rebound like instead of using going back to
Serenna Beers: Oh, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, because that would be such a normal thing. I mean that that oftentimes
Serenna Beers: You know happens. So that's why I wanted to ask you, because then you know, of course, we can we can help help you with that too. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and what about what was school like how far did you get were. Was there any issues with learning December.
Now,
Erika Sporleder: Nine. I mean I had like 3.0 grade average
Erika Sporleder: Okay, how many in early childhood education. Then I went and got my A and accounting and business management.
Serenna Beers: Nice. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Is there anything that stood out any events or anything at all that stood out while you were growing up.
Erika Sporleder: I was very promiscuous like I like I like I was seeking out for attention.
Serenna Beers: Nice.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, got a reputation and stuff that was bad.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Did, did you ever follow through with with but any of that. I mean, as far as when you were PR, Miss. Miss promiscuity, I can say
Serenna Beers: promiscuous.
Erika Sporleder: Through that, what do you
Serenna Beers: I mean we're we're you active
Erika Sporleder: I was actually have all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Never guy, but I never got pregnant until I had my son, so no STDs.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, so it is. It was a good thing for me that was having so much fun. I don't know.
Serenna Beers: It's fun until it isn't fun right
Serenna Beers: Right. What about, do you have any financial issues or legal legal issues that your kin concerned about at all.
Erika Sporleder: Well, I'm I have legal issues, but not really. I just kind of put them on the back burner.
Erika Sporleder: I got a DUI and then I haven't even attempted to take the first step to get my license back I can afford it. I am from 1616 to like 30 I work two jobs all the time.
Erika Sporleder: And even school at that point. And I'm what I met my husband in own oh eight end of a guy in a yeah when we, when we met, like in November of a way oh nine. You brought a proposed to me like
Erika Sporleder: It no February February we got married in May, so many Eileen doing for, like, you know, me and then the next year we got pregnant. So it's like, it was very, very compact. So he's and he makes very good buddy. So he's just like,
Erika Sporleder: You can be a stay at home. And I'm like, Okay, well then we got divorced and now I sort of zoom on but I don't have him financially and we got the worst. There was no job was to to cast the
Erika Sporleder: Demon little bit, you know, as you know,
Erika Sporleder: Now it's just like he helps me but he doesn't have to have, I mean I depend on him, basically.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, yeah. And it's very hard. Very hard. My family, my mom, I want this. I'm like, I dad got the money, you know, and he flashes all the time and I had a job interview today. So I'm hoping
Serenna Beers: Oh yeah, we're at
Erika Sporleder: I'm in Walnut Creek.
Erika Sporleder: California. Yeah, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Nice. Okay. Yeah.
Erika Sporleder: I'm moving forward. So
Erika Sporleder: It's taking a while.
Serenna Beers: So that's a positive thing then right
Yes.
Serenna Beers: So who do you live with.
Serenna Beers: Myself. Okay.
Erika Sporleder: Prior to all this problems I had like with the drugs and alcohol and the psychiatric stuff my son would say with me during the squeak.
Erika Sporleder: Fighters week and then his debit and pick them up afterward and have dinner with remembering back at eight.
Erika Sporleder: I had him on Friday night of the week and then like every other weekend I had him. I mean pretty much all the time. Now he lives with his dad and I seem like an hour and a half a day. And then we get these this data, I'll go over there and spend like an hour there.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, that's
Serenna Beers: All that it does.
Erika Sporleder: Data sets and missing so much. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So tell me, what is it that you want to work on the absolute most, what do you, what do you think that you need the most help with and how can we assist you.
Erika Sporleder: Well, an enclosure with my divorce.
Erika Sporleder: Is a lot and I actually do today. I wrote him too long letters I mean very heartfelt take me take me like five years to do it. And I finally did it in a hands into this week over the past weekend.
Erika Sporleder: I called him later. And I said, Did you meet those needs. Yeah, it does. It doesn't face need a bit
Erika Sporleder: But it hurts.
Erika Sporleder: Though
Erika Sporleder: Because I chose pretty much chose jobs or work my marriage at the time.
Erika Sporleder: What about it and he loved me so much. Thanks for that.
Erika Sporleder: It's hard for me to accept it. If it's hard for me to live with.
Serenna Beers: So closure meaning for
Erika Sporleder: Give nobody sounds fun.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, just do so I can move forward. Okay.
Erika Sporleder: I'm step I'm feel, you know, like, oh, we can work it out, you know, no it's not gonna happen.
Erika Sporleder: Okay so still stuck in that thought of. It's going to be can try. You know, you know, you still being already. And it's probably because we still have sex together, which we shouldn't do that makes it even worse.
Mm hmm.
Erika Sporleder: So it's just, it's weird.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, but then they yes I live by myself.
Erika Sporleder: I have a two bedroom condo. It's like 900 square feet. It's because you for me.
Erika Sporleder: So it's lonely lonely, because I don't associate with any people because the majority of my friends were dirty. So I pretty much
Erika Sporleder: By myself.
Erika Sporleder: My
Erika Sporleder: Own. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Being alone, rather than being with drug
Serenna Beers: Abusers i think is better though you can maybe learn different ways to have fun or different ways to spend your time. What other things do you like to to do as far as like, are there any hobbies.
Serenna Beers: That you like the
Erika Sporleder: Class many and I don't have the information I love doing crafts and stuff. But that's money. I mean everything I read, you know, I mean, I can go to the library and bolts and screws.
Erika Sporleder: Everything costs money. And so it's
Erika Sporleder: Like what they have you and I could find myself but you know all involved in something you didn't know you need money to do it, then I just started depressed. I can't get I can't go ahead as ended it down myself. It's a vicious cycle. I live. It's crazy.
Serenna Beers: What about, um, let's see, did I miss anything as far as you want to work on closure with your yeah
Serenna Beers: With your D my
Serenna Beers: Yeah force and more on
Erika Sporleder: You know i mean i getting custody of my son. I'm getting 50 you know present it back, just as a lot
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, it's really good. It's really good to have just even if we just start with some short term goals. Right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay. And then, you know,
Serenna Beers: You will talk to your, your therapist, which I'm not sure who was assigned
Erika Sporleder: I think Mary, Christine.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: I don't know.
Serenna Beers: I'm not
Erika Sporleder: Remember that one. Okay.
Serenna Beers: But I do know that you know that she will see this and then she'll learn, you know, all the different things that you said so the divorce custody of your son. And is there anything else before we close
Erika Sporleder: No, I do need. I need to refill on my data. I think it's called a child, I am out
Erika Sporleder: lata the today.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so what I can do is when we end this call. I'll send a message to the care advocates saying that you had said that you needed a medication that's not my
Serenna Beers: Okay, my area, but I can definitely pass that message on
Erika Sporleder: With able to
Erika Sporleder: Fill it tonight because I haven't taken it. And tonight's
Serenna Beers: My recommendation then would be to actually call them because you're probably if you cut out the middleman me and you call them. I'm not sure how that works. If they would send a message to your doc, but I know that they would
Serenna Beers: Do all of that out.
Serenna Beers: Um, I believe it would be the Karen navigator
Serenna Beers: I will find out for you. Erica I'm as soon as I I hang up the phone with you. I will let them know that you told me that you were out of that medicine and could somebody reach out and and call you with them.
Erika Sporleder: And you did. Right.
Serenna Beers: You want to just give it to me why.
Erika Sporleder: Didn't you
Serenna Beers: Didn't they call you.
Serenna Beers: But
Serenna Beers: The case.
Erika Sporleder: Let me see somebody if someone did call Hold on one second.
Okay.
Oh,
Erika Sporleder: See, what about me from 4154 or five eight to 688
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Wanna if you want to give me your number. I will just send this without message.
Serenna Beers: It's 209-623-6047 ok I will pass the message on and then I
Serenna Beers: Let them take over from there. How's that
That's great.
Erika Sporleder: Somebody this evening.
Serenna Beers: I, I would think so. I'm going to pass the message on and if you don't hear anything back within the next half hour, then go ahead and just call them, but I'm going to literally hang up with you and send the message.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, thank you.
Serenna Beers: All right. You just keep your chin up, okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and
Serenna Beers: And just know that this is, I mean, this is the first step. Right. So you just keep on going and no matter what you just cannot give up right
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Erika Sporleder: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you.
Serenna Beers: Bye bye.